= rash

Rash is an extension to Hashie ( http://github.com/intridea/hashie )

Rash subclasses Hashie::Mash to convert all keys in the hash to underscore

The purpose of this is when working w/ Java (or any other apis) that return hashes (including nested) that have camelCased keys

You will now be able to access those keys through underscored key names (camelCase still available)

== Usage

  @rash = Hashie::Rash.new({
    "varOne" => 1, 
    "two" => 2, 
    :three => 3, 
    :varFour => 4, 
    "fiveHumpHumps" => 5, 
    :nested => {
      "NestedOne" => "One", 
      :two => "two",
      "nested_three" => "three"
    },
    "nestedTwo" => {
      "nested_two" => 22,
      :nestedThree => 23
    }
  })

  @rash.var_one                 => 1
  @rash.two                     => 2
  @rash.three                   => 3
  @rash.var_four                => 4
  @rash.five_hump_humps         => 5
  @rash.nested.nested_one       => "One"
  @rash.nested.two              => "two"
  @rash.nested.nested_three     => "three"

  You probably meant this:

  @rash.nested_two.nested_three => 23

  But it's possible you meant this:

  @rash.nested_two              => #<Hashie::Rash nested_three=23 nested_two=22> 

  But I'm confident you didn't mean this. :-)

  @rash.nested_two              => 23

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Tom Cocca. See LICENSE for details.

=== Acknowledgements

* Intridea (https://github.com/intridea) for Hashie
* Mislav Marohnić (https://github.com/mislav) for contributions to Rash
* Steve Agalloco (https://github.com/spagalloco) for updating Rash to use bundler, rspec 2.5, hashie 1.0 and fixing some load dependencies
